docs/HACKING: Update command for building customize OCP release (#4023)
openshift/machine-config-operator: docs/HACKING.md

Quay.io or any other public registry isn't strictly required - you can use a local
registry as long as those images are pullable.

> By default, podman created quay.io repo is marked as private, please change it
> in the quay.io webapge to public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, podman created quay.io repo is marked as private, make sure to change it
in the quay.io webapge to public, allowing the cluster to pull the update payload.
```

## Build a custom release payload

> The pull secret from https://console.redhat.com/openshift/install/pull-secret
> and store it to `$HOME/.kube/pull-secret.txt` or any place you like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a pull secret from https://console.redhat.com/openshift/install/pull-secret
and store it to `$HOME/.kube/pull-secret.txt` or any place you like.
```

Besides pull secret, you need to run `podman login quay.io:443` and `oc
registry login`. The reason to use `quay.io:443` is because pull secret already
has `quay.io` login information for
`quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release`, but you need your personal account
to upload to `quay.io:443/user/origin-release`.

Now that your have your custom image, to build a custom release payload, run:

```
oc adm release new \
    -a ~/.kube/pull-secret.txt \
    --from-release \
    quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release:{version_number}-x86_64 \
    --name {version_number} \
    --to-image quay.io:443/user/origin-release:{version_number} \
    machine-config-operator=quay.io/user/machine-config-operator:latest

oc adm release new -n origin --server https://api.ci.openshift.org \
                                --from-image-stream "{version number}" \
                                --to-image quay.io/user/origin-release:v{version number} \
                                machine-config-operator=quay.io/user/machine-config-operator:latest

> ```

Reviewer: please remove the outdated command to avoid confusion

`{version_number}` is an openshift version, for example 4.13.21

Make sure you're using a relatively new `oc` binary from `openshift/oc`. The image must be pullable by
remote resources (nodes), therefore using a local registry might not work.

> When authentication problem happens, please check these paths:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into authentication problems, please check these paths:
```

 * `${XDG_RUNTIME_DIR}/containers/auth.json`
 * `$HOME/.config/containers/auth.json`
 * `$HOME/.docker/config.json`

> Please check `quay.io/user/origin-release` webpage to make sure it is public

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check `quay.io/<your-user>/origin-release` webpage to make sure it is public
```

Quay.io or any other public registry isn't strictly required - you can use a local
registry as long as those images are pullable.

By default, podman created quay.io repo is marked as private, make sure to
change it in the quay.io webapge to public, allowing the cluster to pull
the update payload.

## Build a custom release payload

Get a pull secret from https://console.redhat.com/openshift/install/pull-secret
and store it to `$HOME/.kube/pull-secret.txt` or any place you like.

Besides pull secret, you need to run `podman login quay.io:443` and `oc
registry login`. The reason to use `quay.io:443` is because pull secret already
has `quay.io` login information for
`quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release`, but you need your personal account
to upload to `quay.io:443/user/origin-release`.

Now that your have your custom image, to build a custom release payload, run:

```
oc adm release new \
    -a ~/.kube/pull-secret.txt \
    --from-release \
    quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release:{version_number}-x86_64 \
    --name {version_number} \

>     --to-image quay.io:443/<your_user>/origin-release:v{version_number} \

Reviewer 2: Does specifying port is must?

Reviewer: it is, because you have different credentials for pulling quay.io/openshift-release-dev/ocp-release and for pushing to your own quay repo. So you register one with quay.io:443 so podman knows which credential to use for which image. 
Otherwise both are quay.io and you can't have two credentials for the same address.
